Improve a11y of form error state v2 (#2090)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/migration.md

- **Orange navbar**
  - <span class="badge bg-warning">Warning</span> The minimizing behavior with `.header-minimized` is applied to the `<header>` instead of one of its children directly.

### Forms

> - <span class="badge bg-warning">Warning</span> In order to improve accessibility for people suffering for any form of colorblindness, we added a visual cue to form elements on error when focused so information does not rely exclusively on color anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <span class="badge bg-success">New</span> In order to improve accessibility for people suffering from any form of colorblindness, we added a visual cue to form elements on error when focused so information does not rely exclusively on color anymore. Although is has no direct impact, you might want to apply this same modification within your custom form controls if you have any.
```
